Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, we're going to be seeing patient Michael Smith, date of birth, 317 1972
Dr. Belis Aladag: Looks like he was a former patient with us discharge them 2019 so there's some information in the chart.
Dr. Belis Aladag: We will confirm all of it.
Dr. Belis Aladag: All right.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Hello.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Hi Michael
Dr. Belis Aladag: How are you
LG Phoenix Plus: Click the right one.
Dr. Belis Aladag: OK, I can hear you.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Are you
LG Phoenix Plus: All right.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, Michael, I'm I understand that you've been to bright heart before briefly right last year.
LG Phoenix Plus: Yeah, he was my he was my pilot project.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Oh, OK.
Dr. Belis Aladag: OK. So hopefully we'll get you to stick with us.
LG Phoenix Plus: Yeah, hopefully.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Um, so
Tell me about
Dr. Belis Aladag: Let's see, it looks like you have a history of
Dr. Belis Aladag: IV heroin use
Dr. Belis Aladag: But you also use math in Canada.
Yep.
All right.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And you've it, you have a history of using Suboxone before successfully right
No.
Dr. Belis Aladag: No. Okay, tell me.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Tell me about your experience with
LG Phoenix Plus: The dude counselor. She told me anything could be anything. So I went home and tried it.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I'm sorry, what
LG Phoenix Plus: Did you do is run the Boston program here said anything could be anything. There's always something could be some some way only tried shot heroin on Suboxone you got loaded
Dr. Belis Aladag: Oh, I see.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay. Um, I
Dr. Belis Aladag: Read somewhere in the notes that you had been
Dr. Belis Aladag: Sober for like
Dr. Belis Aladag: I don't know, two years.
LG Phoenix Plus: Almost. Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: With the help of Suboxone or no.
LG Phoenix Plus: Work. No, I was I was taking it from it and I stopped taking because
LG Phoenix Plus: It didn't work anymore.
LG Phoenix Plus: And then you stay clean on your own.
LG Phoenix Plus: Oh, she's asked about the two years he stayed clean wasn't a full two years now wasn't two years.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay.
LG Phoenix Plus: Just a year in
LG Phoenix Plus: Hospital.
LG Phoenix Plus: Yeah.
LG Phoenix Plus: It was two years.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay.
LG Phoenix Plus: I was on probation. That's what it was.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And the other
Dr. Belis Aladag: Probation I see
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay. How long ago was that
LG Phoenix Plus: Oh, man.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Like 10 years
LG Phoenix Plus: Yeah, I don't know about 556
LG Phoenix Plus: Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Like 2015, something like that.
LG Phoenix Plus: Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Right 13 2013 okay
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Um, alright, and then, um,
Dr. Belis Aladag: Have you ever been diagnosed
Dr. Belis Aladag: With any other
Dr. Belis Aladag: With any medical conditions and taking any medications.
LG Phoenix Plus: Yeah, I have seizures. I take
LG Phoenix Plus: I take pride, aside from my stomach and I take
LG Phoenix Plus: For granted nausea and I take a visceral
LG Phoenix Plus: For anxiety. Little bit my anxiety, an Ambien my sleep.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay. Um, and who's, who's managing the Neurontin
LG Phoenix Plus: Open Door clinic.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Open Door clinic. Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, gotcha.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Um,
Dr. Belis Aladag: I got you. Okay. And then let's see. What is your current situation in terms of like are you living with anybody, are you married you have kids.
LG Phoenix Plus: I have kids, but I'm not married. My kids are grown, but I live in my van with my dog my driveway in her driveway.
Dr. Belis Aladag: OK.
Dr. Belis Aladag: OK. OK, so you have adult kids.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I'm okay and you live with your dog. Okay. Um, let's see what else any surgeries.
LG Phoenix Plus: Lung surgery. Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Was there like a assist in the long or what were they removing
A collapsed.
LG Phoenix Plus: Lung
LG Phoenix Plus: Okay, yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay.
LG Phoenix Plus: Shot against my ribcage. Let's go back. Oh.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I see. Okay. They put a tube in
LG Phoenix Plus: Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So you had new more thorax. They call that okay did. Did you did you injure yourself. How did you collapse your lung.
LG Phoenix Plus: Thrown out by only, I guess.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, God,
Dr. Belis Aladag: Do you drink any alcohol.
No.
LG Phoenix Plus: Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay. Um, what else, what else
Dr. Belis Aladag: Any suicidal attempts or thoughts any risk of that.
LG Phoenix Plus: About every day. Wow, and do it.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay. Any no plans.
No.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Alright, so in terms of medication.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Are you
Dr. Belis Aladag: Are you open to trying the Suboxone again.
Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Um, I think that maybe
Dr. Belis Aladag: If we get you to get on the right dose, you'll probably
Dr. Belis Aladag: Feel okay
LG Phoenix Plus: I mean, the point is to get on enough of the medication to feel
LG Phoenix Plus: Like
Dr. Belis Aladag: You don't have withdrawal and you don't have cravings.
Yeah.
LG Phoenix Plus: About when it stops.
LG Phoenix Plus: Working and taking it for such amount of time and it stops working. What do they do that, what do you do when it stops working.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So it shouldn't stop working. There's people should not develop a tolerance to Suboxone unlike the other opioids. This one you don't really develop a tolerance. So my guess is that you weren't on high enough of a dose to begin with.
Maybe
Dr. Belis Aladag: Or or it was working, but you got distracted with other
Dr. Belis Aladag: You know, maybe your environment change you had temptations. I don't know, but
Dr. Belis Aladag: A medication usually
Dr. Belis Aladag: If it works, it just continues to work it shouldn't change in its potency, you know. Yeah.
Yeah.
I was
Dr. Belis Aladag: Sorry.
LG Phoenix Plus: It was a dosage. I don't know.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, it could be that the dose. Wasn't high enough so how much money are you spending on the heroin or how, how would you quantify it. Do you know in grams, how much you're using
LG Phoenix Plus: Shoot three to four grams a day.
Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So, so I would say
Dr. Belis Aladag: Um,
Dr. Belis Aladag: I think we should try giving you the eight milligram films, but instead of it looks like they were trying to give it to twice a day. I'm going to try to increase it to three times a day.
LG Phoenix Plus: Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And see if that holds you over better see if you know okay yeah I feel comfortable. I don't have cravings. I'm not thinking about heroin.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I'm okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah and you know you've done this before. So you know that in order to take your first dose, you need to be in withdrawal.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Right, so you just have to wait a little bit
Dr. Belis Aladag: And feel like, you know, feel some physical symptoms. The sweating. The you know teary eyes, whatever stomach cramping.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, goosebumps, whatever it is that you feel when you're sick.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And then once you have two or three of those signs like physical signs, then you know you're ready to take it.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And you'll you'll take it under your tongue, you let it melt under your tongue.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So that it gets into your system yeah and and it should kick in within like 10 minutes
Dr. Belis Aladag: So let's try that. Let's try one film three times a day. All right.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I think that'll that'll be good.
Dr. Belis Aladag: The only concern I have is your Ambien Ambien is a sedative and do you take that every day because with Suboxone, it can be kind of dangerous well with any opioids. So you're using heroin. I suppose you've been okay so far, how often, how often do you take it.
LG Phoenix Plus: When I need it.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, occasional yeah okay okay just just
Dr. Belis Aladag: What else, what else any, do you have any questions or concerns about like the medication or how to take it.
Dr. Belis Aladag: No. Okay. And do you think you can meet up with us once a week.
Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Um, okay. So, Christy
Dr. Belis Aladag: I'm thinking we are opening a Tuesday. Tuesday for PM group.
LG Phoenix Plus: Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So we could. But you said Tuesdays are not so good for you. Is that right,
LG Phoenix Plus: Now on Wednesday. Wednesday.
LG Phoenix Plus: Or Tuesday I could probably that late in the afternoon, probably do it. Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Tuesday for. Okay. So I was thinking
Dr. Belis Aladag: Maybe, should we put Michael in that one. He'd be the first one in that group. I don't know if you want, we can move the other two as well.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Or we could put Michael at a different time. We can put them at the Friday for PM group.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Or you know I know we're trying to build the system so that it can be kind of walk in style. Right.
LG Phoenix Plus: Yes.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Is that what we're trying to do.
LG Phoenix Plus: Yeah, but I'm once a week, you know, is not too much to ask for some for most people to be, you know, even if I go in, they are
LG Phoenix Plus: Like individually. They can be on different
Things.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Should we do
LG Phoenix Plus: Tuesday, Thursday.
LG Phoenix Plus: Okay, whatever works.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Whatever works.
For
LG Phoenix Plus: You
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I say let's shoot for Tuesday. Okay.
LG Phoenix Plus: Yeah, cuz I only have to be there for a couple meetings until I get people set up with their own devices so they can do it on their own.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, so like the first few ones you're going to be kind of helping. Yeah.
LG Phoenix Plus: Facilitating until their I tell us. I know they can just do it on their own doesn't
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay.
LG Phoenix Plus: Tuesday.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, I think.
LG Phoenix Plus: Good Tuesday at four.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Or I guess you think
How
Dr. Belis Aladag: Does that work for you.
Yeah.
LG Phoenix Plus: Okay.
Nick my
First
LG Phoenix Plus: Yeah, my. He used to work with me at the
LG Phoenix Plus: Exchange. So, you know,
LG Phoenix Plus: The same people.
LG Phoenix Plus: Okay.
LG Phoenix Plus: So candid about who I'm talking about. I'm talking about them.
LG Phoenix Plus: It was there too.
LG Phoenix Plus: Just in case it didn't sound professional that I'm like, oh, Nick No.
Dr. Belis Aladag: It's okay, I get it. Okay.
LG Phoenix Plus: All right.
LG Phoenix Plus: All right guys here now.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay. So, Michael,
Dr. Belis Aladag: Here. So, Michael, you don't have allergies to meds. Right.
LG Phoenix Plus: No, yeah, too much too soon.
LG Phoenix Plus: And Tylenol three
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay amoxicillin.
Dr. Belis Aladag: amoxicillin. Do you remember what happens to
LG Phoenix Plus: I can't breathe break out in hives.
Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And then you said Tylenol three is that the coding one
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah. What happens with that.
LG Phoenix Plus: I can't breathe on either
Dr. Belis Aladag: So it's the coding, I guess, right.
LG Phoenix Plus: Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: It's not the Tylenol. Okay.
Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And then broke
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay. But Suboxone you've taken it before I didn't cause any sort of allergic reaction.
Dr. Belis Aladag: They have in here a suicide attempt. Did you ever have one Michael
Dr. Belis Aladag: When was it
Dr. Belis Aladag: 1993 or something. Okay, but
Dr. Belis Aladag: Never a
Dr. Belis Aladag: One time thing.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, got it.
Dr. Belis Aladag: You smoke cigarettes.
LG Phoenix Plus: Occasionally,
Dr. Belis Aladag: Occasionally, okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I can give you some nicotine patches or nicotine gum.
LG Phoenix Plus: contain any, like, yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Do you would you prefer the GM or the candy.
LG Phoenix Plus: Candy.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Candy. Okay, let's try that.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, how much are you smoking when you can, I guess.
LG Phoenix Plus: By by my own halfback day maybe
Dr. Belis Aladag: Tobacco okay
Dr. Belis Aladag: Gotcha.
Dr. Belis Aladag: OK, so the candies are like
Dr. Belis Aladag: Each worth one cigarette. So if you're
Dr. Belis Aladag: You don't want to go along like these days.
Dr. Belis Aladag: You don't exceed 10 cigarettes a day, you
Dr. Belis Aladag: Know, okay. Okay, so I'm going to do.
LG Phoenix Plus: That and then
Dr. Belis Aladag: I'll order Narcan but I understand that you have access to Narcan at the needle place.
LG Phoenix Plus: Yeah, yeah. Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And then in terms of
Dr. Belis Aladag: Prescription the pharmacy. I have is clone these red cross
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yep. Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: All right, so I can order this there and so
Dr. Belis Aladag: I'm assuming you today. When you think you'll be in one to draw
Dr. Belis Aladag: Like later tonight.
LG Phoenix Plus: Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, okay. So you can start when you feel symptoms.
Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Um, was there.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Christie was there from a
Dr. Belis Aladag: Problem with the pharmacy yesterday.
LG Phoenix Plus: Are you able to get it.
LG Phoenix Plus: Actually friend said they were going to give her a ride to pharmacy.
LG Phoenix Plus: So I don't know what to do today.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay.
LG Phoenix Plus: Was it
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, we have to wait and see. Okay. Okay. So Suboxone film.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Eight milligram film. We're going to do it three times a day.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, and then we'll do a week.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, today's Friday.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So we'll see how you do.
LG Phoenix Plus: Boxing or good jump time and then it does work. Maybe it wasn't the right dose.
LG Phoenix Plus: That sounds like
Dr. Belis Aladag: Maybe it's not the right those maybe Michael, like, I don't know, think back. Like, were you surrounding yourself with bad influences, all of a sudden, like, Did anything change around the time that you relapse.
No.
LG Phoenix Plus: Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, well let's let's see what happens this time, I hope.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I hope it'll
Dr. Belis Aladag: Just keep, you know, we'll get to the sweet spot dose and then I hope it'll just
Dr. Belis Aladag: Keep working for you.
Dr. Belis Aladag: As a show.
Dr. Belis Aladag: You know, yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And you will be good. Okay.
LG Phoenix Plus: To
LG Phoenix Plus: Hear me
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, I can hear you.
LG Phoenix Plus: We had a weird strange sounds bone on our end
Dr. Belis Aladag: Oh, okay. Sorry, I don't know what's going on. I'm okay. I think Michael I have all the information that I need. It says here you had some osteoarthritis of the hips. Do you have pain in your hips are paying anywhere.
LG Phoenix Plus: Yeah, bone disease, my right hand.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay. Right. Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Do you have any other things chronically like any other
Dr. Belis Aladag: Problems health
LG Phoenix Plus: Minima can quietly mimic
LG Phoenix Plus: A bit tighter. See, we're doing
Dr. Belis Aladag: Doing treatment for hep C or
D.
LG Phoenix Plus: He started one we had triple meds and it was too long. So maybe six months, the six month mark has just happened so receive. How many
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, yeah, they have some really good treatments nowadays that like over 90% of people respond well and get rid of get rid of that virus for good.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Which is really cool. I think if you can get, get into the treatment that's good for you because you know it may make you feel tired, it may cause these kind of vague symptoms and then over time it can cause cancer and things. So we don't want you don't want that.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So if you can get the treatment, get back into that idea. Once you know, of course, we want you to be sober, first and foremost, but after that, I think the next step is like trying to get you to the hep C treatments.
LG Phoenix Plus: Here where we live, being clean is not a require. It's not a. It's not a, not a requirement.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, that's
LG Phoenix Plus: No barriers, a messy programs here.
Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Well, that's good. So there's no excuse. I mean, we really need
LG Phoenix Plus: To six months six month you gotta wait. Okay.
LG Phoenix Plus: Okay, we're about that time though.
Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Good. You're going to try. Okay, good, good, good. Okay, so that's the hep C. Any other chronic problems that I should know about.
LG Phoenix Plus: But my anemia and
Dr. Belis Aladag: Anemia okay
Dr. Belis Aladag: Do you know why you're anemic, is it iron deficiency or
LG Phoenix Plus: Yep.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay.
LG Phoenix Plus: How is it
LG Phoenix Plus: Bills in work.
Dr. Belis Aladag: iron pills didn't work. Okay.
LG Phoenix Plus: Any more damage.
LG Phoenix Plus: My blood gas, Bonnie. A 10 by 10. It was always like down between six and five.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Oh wow, okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, that'll make you feel kind of shorter breath. Sometimes maybe or tired.
LG Phoenix Plus: Yeah, it's not it's not bad enough to have a blood transfusion, but they keep a close eye on it.
Dr. Belis Aladag: OK. OK, I see.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So that's not anemia and then you said hep C.
Dr. Belis Aladag: C.
LG Phoenix Plus: Will
LG Phoenix Plus: return trip for
LG Phoenix Plus: Milk and shoot
LG Phoenix Plus: For
LG Phoenix Plus: The next
LG Phoenix Plus: School
Okay.
LG Phoenix Plus: All right.
Dr. Belis Aladag: We're good. So
Dr. Belis Aladag: We'll, we'll see each other. Should we see each other. Tuesday, then Tuesday at four.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yep. Okay. Why that you should be on the medication, hopefully feeling good, but feeling like stable.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, and we'll talk about it. See how your doses.
Dr. Belis Aladag: All right. Okay.
Well,
LG Phoenix Plus: We'll see you again soon.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, that was Michael Smith.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And his cures report showed the last
Dr. Belis Aladag: Purchase he had of a controlled substance was Zolpidem 10 milligrams on for 22
Dr. Belis Aladag: Thank you.